src/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Summary

- [Introduction](./introduction/introduction.md)
- [Lazy Loading](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading.md)
    - [How to Lazy load Module ?](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading_module.md)
    - [How to Lazy load Standalone Components](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading_standalone_component.md)
    - [How to Lazy load Service](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading_service.md)
    - [Preloading Strategy ](./lazy-loading/preloading_strategy.md)
- [Interpolation](./interpolation/index.md)
    - [How to bind  ?](./interpolation/how-to-bind.md)
    - [How to customize Component Interpolation](./interpolation/how-to-customize-interpolation.md)
- [Renderer](./renderer/index.md)

    - [How to create comment ?](./renderer/how-to-create_comment.md)
- [How to use ng-template ?](ng-template/index.md)
    - [How to use ng-template with-ngIf ?](ng-template/ng-template-with-ngIf.md)
    - [How to use ngTemplateOutlet ?](ng-template/ng-template-outlet.md)
    - [How to use ngTemplateOutlet with context ?](ng-template/ng-template-outlet-with-context.md)
    - [How to use ng-template with ViewChild/ViewChildren and ContentChild/ContentChildren ?](ng-template/ng-template-with-viewChild-contentChild.md)
- [Awesome Angular](./awesome-angular/awesome_angular.md)
- [Contributors](./contributors.md)

Commit message:

add How to specify packageManager

src/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Summary

- [Introduction](./introduction/introduction.md)
- [Lazy Loading](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading.md)
    - [How to Lazy load Module ?](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading_module.md)
    - [How to Lazy load Standalone Components](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading_standalone_component.md)
    - [How to Lazy load Service](./lazy-loading/lazy_loading_service.md)
    - [Preloading Strategy ](./lazy-loading/preloading_strategy.md)
- [Interpolation](./interpolation/index.md)
    - [How to bind  ?](./interpolation/how-to-bind.md)
    - [How to customize Component Interpolation](./interpolation/how-to-customize-interpolation.md)
- [Renderer](./renderer/index.md)

    - [How to create comment ?](./renderer/how-to-create_comment.md)
- [How to use ng-template ?](ng-template/index.md)
    - [How to use ng-template with-ngIf ?](ng-template/ng-template-with-ngIf.md)
    - [How to use ngTemplateOutlet ?](ng-template/ng-template-outlet.md)
    - [How to use ngTemplateOutlet with context ?](ng-template/ng-template-outlet-with-context.md)
    - [How to use ng-template with ViewChild/ViewChildren and ContentChild/ContentChildren ?](ng-template/ng-template-with-viewChild-contentChild.md)
- [Awesome Angular](./awesome-angular/awesome_angular.md)
- [Package manager](./package-manager/index.md)
    - [How to specify packageManager ?( global + local )](./package-manager/how-to-specify-package-manager.md)
    - [How to force specific usage of packageManager and Node version ( package.json engines ) ?](./package-manager/how-to-force-specific-usage-of-packageManager-and-node-version.md)
- [Contributors](./contributors.md)
